# Superconductor
### Organzied by A student who quited the course _Superconductor Physics_ offered by Sustech
* * *
Some note about Superconductor(maybe it's going to be updated). You'd better treat this note critically， cause this note organized by a undergraduate student who is not familiar with this field. 
~~The reason why the student quit this course is that the courses is held online. And there was a famous professor delivering the lectures. A Teaching assistant on site was responsible for assisting professors in completing relevant teaching tasks. That sounds good, right? The student thought it a great thing! However, there are some problems. First, the student can not hear the professor clearly because of the poor equipment in Sustech, so the student can not learn the things in a effecient way. What's more, this course is set for both the undergraduate student and graduate student. To help the undergraduate students follow up. The professor listed some books(or some chapters of books) as reading task. The student spent all his spare time reading the reference book. However, it didn't work.(Maybe you think the student is so stupid, you can laugh at him as you like/Maybe the writer can laugh at him with readers, haha) He cannot find the essential relationship between the reference book and course.(At least, he thought it's little.) He don't think he can pass the cousrse anyway. His some classmats who is also undergraduate students told him that "it feels like this course is not for the purpose of teaching students, but for publicity". Maybe it's more important for the university to increase fame to invite a famous professor to give a lecture than truly teach what students can understand.~~(Don't take serious about the text, you can consider the student and writer are both fools. The writer will give you the priority to do that.)
List about some notes for this course following:
Recitation.pdf
